okay so i made this one video where it
shows you how to download youtube video
and put them on your ipod downloading it
with the one download a program and then
converting it so you can put it on to
your iTunes you're just an easier /
always that the people have told me time
after time you know some people say it
works perfect and some people say
there's problems and then plus oils
programs take up space and there's an
overall easier to do this so first
you're gonna need to open up your web
browser and go to this here email at
email address add these address um I
suggest doing this in Firefox because
it's the easiest way to do this anyways
you get to this thing right here you go
to this page and you want to scroll down
this page you'll see this in a little
box twere to get youtube video right
click on that and bookmark this link you
probably won't have these two
some reason I have these this download
helper add-on for firefox I don't really
use it but anyways just click bookmark
this link and it would it probably would
come up up here and I put it on your
bookmarks menu so it comes up right here
don't ask why this is on i think i was
getting videos from our brother anyways
um yes now once you got this in your men
you can even put it up here of course
right in this little bar up here now
you're going to go to youtube and you're
going to find a video that you want like
say such
da da da da te let's go to videos and
see what's popular today food battle
2009 trailer I think I've only watched
this once but anyways you'll see the
video come up and now you're going to go
into your bookmarks and click get
youtube video wait for a sec and this
will pop up I'm going to click save file
and it's ad dot mp4 file right away so
that's good that's what you need for
your ipod just click ok now we're going
to let it download
do you do to do pop I had its best but
finish up it is finished you just save
this video that mp4 and we're going to
open the can watch e you don't have to
it depends on where you have your set to
UM tools options my downloads have been
set to my My Documents less downloads
file so that's where it's going to be
but i'm going to open that up right here
it is i'm going to copy this and then
i'm going to move it into my videos just
to make it easier and the rename it
Oh cuz I them something so all right let
me just close it
it's not called that first shark is a
mix use your phone now we're gonna open
up iTunes
wait for that to open doo-doo-doo and
yeah now we can click on movies because
that's where it's going to show up and
click file in itunes and add file to
library add file not folder but add file
now we're going to go into the documents
videos and there it is food thing open
and voila it is right here it is right
here and we'll play right in itunes
so yeah all I need to do then is file
sync ipod and it will show up under your
movies file in your ipod i don't have
mine plugged in right now I don't know
where it is right now my ipod I don't
know my buddies um so yeah and if you
have any problem with that just let me
know um rename it all that stuff here
too so there have fun with that and hope
that works and much easier for you and
it's in even higher quality too i
believe so thanks for